GPAC
====

GPAC is a multimedia framework oriented towards rich media and distributed under the LGPL license (see COPYING).

GPAC supports many multimedia formats, from simple audiovisual containers (avi, mov, mpg) to complex
presentation formats (MPEG-4 Systems, SVG Tiny 1.2, VRML/X3D) and 360 videos. GPAC supports presentation scripting for MPEG4/VRML/X3D through mozilla SpiderMonkey javascript engine.

GPAC currently supports local playback, http progressive download, Adaptive HTTP Streaming (MPEG-DASH, HLS), RTP/RTSP streaming over UDP (unicast or multicast) or TCP and TS demuxing (from file, IP or DVB4Linux).

GPAC also features MP4Box, a multimedia swiss-army knife for the prompt, and MP42TS, a fast TS multiplexer from MP4 and RTP sources.

For more information, visit the GPAC website: http://gpac.io

This Fork of GPAC
-----------------
This fork of GPAC creates a purpose built shared library that can be leveraged to strip closed captions from Quicktime MOV Assets.

To download and use the officially supported version of GPAC please visit the official Github Page: https://github.com/gpac/gpac

Building the GPAC Shared Library
--------------------------------
To build the shared library use the command `make gpac`. This will create a shared library called `libgpac.so` in this directory.

```
make gpac
ls libgpac.so
```
To install the shared library and include files on your machine so that they can be leveraged by another app use the command `make install`. 
This will build the shared library as above and then move it to your `/usr/local/lib` directory. Additionally it will move the include files
to your `/usr/local/include` directory.

```
make install
ls /usr/local/lib | grep libgpac.so 
find /usr/local/include/gpac
```

To clean all of the artifacts which were generated by this build, including the ones in `/usr/local/lib` and `/usr/local/include` use the command `make clean`.


```
make clean
ls /usr/local/lib | grep libgpac.so 
find /usr/local/include/gpac
ls obj
```

